could you give me one minute please
so let me get this straight if you go
with Bonnie tonight job doing a smart
healthy thing and moving on yeah right
and if you go with Rachel
Bonnie's free tonight I'm fine
I'd like tonight if they let me
my lighters in there
hey now you stay out here and you think
about what you did how can you not trust
me
well you can understand given how we
started I'll tell you what Chema why
don't you call me when you grow up yeah
well don't expect that to happen anytime
soon you're smoking hey shut up you're
not my real mom I knew that woman
capable of talking about anything else
protects yeah sure well you know earlier
she was talking about geography Joey she
was listing the country she's done it
you know I mean I know for me
Nick's pants
yeah well I think our second fight is
going to be a big one is this about mark
okay it's not good morning nice brush by
the way
in 17 years
Phebe's mom's got a huge habit couple
I know heaven oh maybe she doesn't hit
him all the time
okay I got it go I don't ever want to
see you again
wave
but meows Tibet a Chandler oh my god
there you go enjoy should I tell her
iota Tino